[DOC] Update Linux set-up documentation for newer release (#5700)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/set-up-for-tracing/setup-tempo/deploy/locally/linux.md

      access_key: # TODO - Add S3 access key
      secret_key: # TODO - Add S3 secret key
    wal:
      path: /var/tmp/tempo/wal         # where to store the the wal locally
    local:
      path: /var/tmp/tempo/blocks

overrides:
  metrics_generator_processors: [service-graphs, span-metrics] # enables metrics generator
```

> > **Note:** The above configuration is compatible with the downloaded release of Tempo (2.8.x). The content of the configuration might be adjusted for earlier or future releases. In the configuration shown above, metrics generator is enabled to generate Prometheus metrics data from incoming trace spans. This is sent to a Prometheus remote write compatible metrics store at `http://prometheus:9090/api/v1/write` (in the `metrics_generator` configuration block). Ensure you change the relevant `url` parameter to your own Prometheus compatible storage instance, or disable the metrics generator by removing the `metrics_generators_processors` if you do not wish to generate span metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note"
The above configuration is compatible with the downloaded release of Tempo. 
Future release may impact the configuration content. In the configuration shown above, the metrics-generator is enabled to generate Prometheus metrics data from incoming trace spans. This is sent to a Prometheus remote-write compatible metrics store at `http://prometheus:9090/api/v1/write` in the `metrics_generator` configuration block. 
Make sure you change the relevant `url` parameter to your own Prometheus compatible storage instance, or disable the metrics-generator by removing the `metrics_generators_processors` if you do not wish to generate span metrics.
{{< /admonition >}}
```
